[MUSIC]
Hello and welcome back, as you can see in
this basic code I've got listed here,
you can see that I've got two variables,
one of them is commented out, and one
isn't.
They're both called string and the one
that's commented out.
Has letters S-T-R-I-N-G, all as individual
letters
within, as list items within the list.
And remember that list is with square
brackets.
And the second variable, the one which is
not
commented out, is equal to the string of
string.
Now, if I was to just run this, you get
the output of string which you'd expect.
Now, we can treat objects.
We can treat strings as an object, we can
treat lists as an object, as well.
So, you'll be able to see, with this
string
here if I was to retrieve to position
four.
Now I can do that and it now gets
stri, cuz the stars are indexed to zero,
remember?
And also, if I was to step it up by two
each time, then I could do that and just
get sr.
So, as you can see, a string can be
treated as a natural object.
And also a list can be treated as a string
as well.
Which I'll show by just doing a for letter
in string.
And we're going to print letter.
And if we just comment out the second
variable.
And uncomment the first one.
Now each of these results will come on a
new line, however that
just shows you that, it allows each
individual letter to be done, as this.
Now, that is what you'd expect when you're
doing it with the list.
If you were to do the same thing, with the
string.
And we can run that again, you get the
exact same output.
So as you can see, a list is exactly the
same
treat, is treated exactly the same way as
an actual string is.
Now there are also certain functions which
you can use on a string.
And to do this, I'm just going to delete
this list.
And what we can do here, is a variety of
functions, the first one is we can count
how many times a letter appears, so I'm
just
gonna convert this to a string of
different words.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
There we go, so I've just got a sentence
here,
now if I wanted to count the number of
times
the letter s appeared in here, then we
would have
to do .count and put the letter s in
there.
Now what that does, it it tells us how
many times the letter s appears.
And here you can see we've go it four
times one, two, three and four.
Now this can work for a phrases as well,
so
if I'm checking how many times do you is
appears.
You get the answer two and that is with
this and this.
So as you can see there is multiple
functions which can be
run and another one of these is something
called the title function.
And what this does, is it capitalizes the
first letter of every single
word within it, which is something that
you can use within a title.
So here you can see that, ev, only
the first letter has been capitalized by
me typing
it, but all of the first letters of each
word has been capitalized now within the
actual output.
There's also other functions which you can
do and
some of them are, you can capitalize which
is .capitalize.
Now if you, in Python.
And when you're using Eclipse, you get
this pop-up here,
which can actually help you remember the
names of functions.
And you can double-click on them, and it
allows you
to, just have it quickly typed for you as
well.
So that's a rea, another good reason as to
why I would actually recommend vets, you
use something like Eclipse or another id
involving,
just the and terminal or the command line.
Now as you can see this actually doesn't
change from
what I had typed at the actual beginning
and that's because
it capitalizes the first letter of the
string, so which
can be useful whenever you have each
individual sentence for example.
So what I've done is I just change the t
here
which was capitalized by me typing it to a
lower case.
And if you run it again, we see that we
get the exact same output anyway.
So, thank you for watching this video and
I will see you soon.
[MUSIC]